I brother shiiin us that's what I got a
problem with but I said when people
advocate things like that and that's not
gangster than me like I cook and I and I
eat and sit down and my children we sit
and read and I do homework with my kids
that's gangster to me that's being
gangsta okay I'm not a daddy I'm a
father my children on low be nice eating
huh ba new CN 1 things that was really
positive for you was that you did know a
circle of people connected to Pig save
and so on yeah yeah yeah I think a few
months into my channel maybe six seven
months I went to some vegan convention
then I met a needa crimes from Toronto
Pig save then I got involved in that
group and then a lot of people in the
pics a movement are also involved in
direct action everywhere so I am
involved with those two groups and then
there's like cows ate chicken save we go
to all the different slaughterhouses but
now you're living in Belgium long term
are you gonna try to make similar
actually ok back to toronto in october
sorry i don't exactly work out here I
was trying to get married and stay here
for a year but yeah just bureaucratic
issues me and Jasmine are gonna move
back to Toronto yeah well technically
I'm still legally married to a citizen
of France goes the divorce paperwork say
so but yeah so I've been through some
some similar hurdles uh anyway okay
that's that's interesting it's good for
me because I'm going back to Canada to
and I mean for me ya know but for me the
disponemos goes thank you oh gee when I
go back to Canada I could hit toronto
could visit you visit the light twins
visit Aaron Janice just a few different
vegans next time I go through enter and
you know long term as I said a million
times to my channel you have to
cooperate with people of the same
citizenship as Hugh it's just not much
politically I can do with someone who's
even in California even though
California is so close to to Victoria
you know we were in the west coast of
Canada like you know I'm really positive
for other people if they found you know
a circle of colleagues or anything else
they engage in any kind of activism
where you can cooperate and collaborate
I think that you you know I think that's
something that most of us in the
internet are looking for and don't have
so and pick safe is a really great group
I think their protests are the most
effective I think they're being a few
direct action Everywhere's that I really
like they're being some that I really
didn't like but um Pig save I think
every time I've gone out I it felt like
it was a good experience like productive
yeah I wondered what suddenly Pig save
because you know a lot of the people i
talk to you about veganism are very
highly educated people there there my
own university professors their people
with PhDs or what have you so it's for
them it's not the concept of veganism
that's hard to get I think in a sense
it's the stakes of the game we're
playing like I do really wonder because
so like one of my professors he wasn't a
hundred percent honest maybe he became
semi vegan because my influence and you
know like as you got the impression
already I don't whoa like when people
agree with me in principle like for me
that's it i'm not gonna ride them like
oh why you're still wearing that belt
you still worried that leather belt you
from five years ago you know cuz for me
the the question of principle is is
really the only question you can resolve
face-to-face unless unless it's actually
my girlfriend look if I'm dating someone
okay yeah then I'm gonna say look the
belt but let's gotta go but you know
it's my professors nothing but I did
really wonder like if we had something
like Pig save just the visceral
experience of seeing yet curing it
smelling it whatever I even really liked
me for some reason some vegans are
against using slaughterers footage I
love that shot you had of the the
garbage container yeah at the bones
going to the gardener yeah those are
from dairy cows actually there is in
their heads are marked in blue is
because there they've been alive longer
than like meat cows so there you have a
much higher risk of infectious disease
and mad cow so their heads and
everything and guts are just transported
onto some weird rendering truck and it's
made into either into food for human
consumption or pet food anyway yeah I
did wonder though because obviously some
people approach these things in a more
intellectual way some people push them
in a more emotional way but like you've
tell you about professors like some of
the professors have known you know for
years and years so you're a professor of
Buddhist follow
sofy the idea of not eating it like it's
not a new concept for you like you must
be pretty well aware of this and yet you
still eat meat every day so you know I
do wonder like an experience like Pig
save you know I wonder for some people
it makes it all real gives it that gives
it that human scale it does actually do
that I've met a few people have gone
there who are either meat eaters or
vegetarians and then they just switched
to complete vegan after seeing it and
I've talked to a few people both in the
comments section and actually in real
life where they said they watched my Pig
save videos and that turned them vegan
so you know I think that that experience
is important there's a huge
disconnection between what we're eating
and what actually goes on in making the
food like you can see so many people who
will argue against veganism who eat meat
every day and think it's okay and then
they'll just rag on hunters calling them
sick disgusting evil so yeah it needs to
be brought to people seeing that like
what actually happens yeah I mean you
know obviously it's it's different
service different folks my channel I
never imagined it would convert anyone
to veganism but I get email from people
saying they became pekin because of my
channel and only because of my channel
and they must be very interesting people
like I can't if it's like wow I can't
imagine being you but I was talking to a
guy just a couple days ago Jay costly
he's now got his own YouTube channel he
mostly talks about zoos in connection
veganism wildlife like wolves and stuff
with that he became vegan entirely
because your channel and now like the
thing is to with both examples whether
it's someone who says that about my
channel or your channel like in reality
there's a whole lifetime of experience
and suffering and you know like there's
so much more to it that's not being said
there but like because like for Jay he
used to work in these wildlife projects
so we worked with animals used to work
in zoos and he used to actually
slaughter animals in the zoo to become
food for the other animals within the
zoo it's kind of one of the kind of one
of the obvious secrets in a zoo it's
like what do you do
what do you do when the giraffe dies you
chop it up and feed the Lions got a
thing right so yeah he'd been through a
lot of situations but then for whatever
reason you know whether it's maybe he
just never really thought about veganism
what have you it was it was your channel
that result in him becoming vegan so
anyway uh no III don't myself take too
much credit for because there's always
got to be a whole story of so many years
and so many so many misgivings before
that but yeah it's definitely true that
you know whether it's for some people a
purely emotional and empathic sort of
reaction or there's something else going
on you don't know hmm anyway I thought
was gonna ask you I thought you were
going to be just liberated from Toronto
and but now it turns out that no you
think of being on a more long-term so me
how do you feel about Toronto for me you
know I've steered clear of it for more
than 10 years I could figure out with
its 15 years now or what but what is
Toronto means you and like how do you
see your future in the city you know
whether it's personally or politically
or culturally I like Toronto the rent is
a little bit higher than a lot of other
places but you can get food pretty cheap
there's there's a lot going on there's
like the pig saved EXE a lot of my
friends are there there's a lot of vegan
places to eat really great vegan town um
yeah it's basically at though it's in
it's convenient ttc is pretty easy to
get around places so it's a pretty
decent city in Scarborough I've had more
issues with that especially like police
and a few racists around my neighborhood
like I some dude almost ran me over and
started he actually got out of his car
started shouting at me calling me a
[ __ ] there being a few people have
just acted weird around me like when I
was walking down the sidewalk the one
dude just went way way far away from me
onto the grass to avoid me there's weird
stuff like that and one time I was just
taking photos around you know a park and
then some cops like said oh are you
taking photos to like of buildings to
rob them later like there's weird stuff
like that yeah but downtown Toronto is
being pretty
I actually hat I've had a few cops who
watch my youtube channel and uh like I
mentioned oh hey what's up being gay so
yeah downtown toronto's a lot more
friendly than my neighborhood in
Scarborough rive been living yeah yeah I
mean that's true the the the cops
downtown because they tend to be
familiar with really serious crime
they're less likely to freak out over
trivial crimes were perceived trivial
crimes that that is my experience with
cops downtown but it is true also like
so when I was a kid this is now over but
I was I was young enough to know the
legend of Cherry beach when downtown
Toronto cops you may have heard about
that in like comedy shows like the kids
in the hall there these jokes he's
obviously TV TV stays and reruns forever
but Cherry beach was this Beach if it
still exists in Toronto and it was
infamous for cops putting you in the
back of the car handcuffed and you
taking you there and beating you and
then leaving you semi passed out or
whatever you know that then unhandcuff
you leave leave you on the beach so in
terms of like routine police brutality
I'm of that generation where that stuff
was still going on uh and yeah i mean my
impression is toronto has gotten better
in exactly those ways i think like that
specific example I don't think cops in
trying to do that anymore and just
towards the end of my time in Toronto we
had the big race profiling scandal break
and that see that was not downtown that
was the really the highways connecting
out to Scarborough it was you know the
connections to where you know this kind
of smoking gun evidence came that like
ninety percent of the people that were
stopping were black it would that's not
the actual statistic office be no it was
the shockingly high percentage of these
people and you know then all the old e
anecdotal evidence came out and
complaints to back that up and so on but
you know like the beautiful thing about
being in a democracy with freedom of
speech and including like those comedy
videos that were made so uh kids in the
whole other comedy TV shows they made
fun of Cherry beach it's a place where
cops used to be but I knew people I knew
people got beat up on those beaches by
cops you know well you have freedom of
speech people have the right to laugh
about it people have the right to
complain about the newspapers and things
actually change you know so uh I mean
also it's got to be a generational
change you probably probably most the
cops are talking to you are now my age
so they're probably guys who you just
represent a total
different generation terms of all those
attitudes yeah yeah I just had some
[ __ ] cop issues where they're
accusing me of like going to kill a
bunch of people and [ __ ] and most of us
being resolved right now but the way
they were dealing with it was really
weird like they literally dragged me out
of my house at three in the morning and
they broke a few of my rights they got a
warrant illegally a lot of bull crap but
um right now it's pretty much resolved
so yeah I'm glad yeah anyway you know
it's I don't think I will ever become a
police officer but at a few different
times my life I considered that as an
option and now so like the surreal thing
is we're assuming when I leave China I'm
actually going to speak Chinese pretty
well cuz I'm staying here all the way
till December studying continuously so
that's long enough it's like well what
jobs can you do in Canada when you speak
Chinese actually joining the Toronto
Police Force is one of the very few jobs
that would be open to me so it's yeah
it's a funny question like I one of my
ex-girlfriends at a long time like we
might as well have been married it was
like really serious long-term
relationship um but I remember she
always said to me she said like look
like you should really become a cop
because of all the people she knew she
said you're the one guy know where like
if people try to punch you in the face
you don't get angry like okay I know it
sounds stupid but like she'd seen me
handle situations where like I remained
common and control where there was this
kind of thing she said you know if you
don't do that job someone else is you're
the only guy you know it like you're not
racist you actually care about people
it's like what sighs it's pretty exposed
to it for no reason so yeah I mean the
thing is though too it'll change you so
I mean it would be too for me it would
mostly be curiosity but I wonder like a
job like that if you do it for just two
years are you a really different person
after two years and for me like I'm
totally willing to take that risk but
after two years after five years I'm not
afraid of that but I think probably you
would change a lot and maybe by the end
of that time whether it's just you know
impatience that you feel you've seen
this situation before I think you
probably could become a lot of the
things you said you would you would
never do
but anyway I think you may or may not
even know but a couple months ago I
signed up joined the military so in
terms of my mic both past and present
job options it's it's a bit surreal it
was it's not going to be YouTube I'm not
I'm not going to be the next vegan gains
it's not my career yeah yeah I have a
friend who recently joined the army I
think he was going in to be a combat
mechanic like fixed tanks and jeeps and
stuff it didn't work out for me just
said he hated it and a lot of like what
he really hated was everyone was so
against veganism like he could stay on a
vegan diet in the military but uh just
everyone he worked with always rag Don
him about the vegan diet chef meat in
his face and he said he just couldn't
stand it so yeah you know I mean so
oddly this is one of the things talked
about a lot of Buddhist philosophy where
they say in the pally cannon like Pali
Canon is written by a bunch of guys
living in celibacy in close quarters and
some of them are ex-military to some of
the early monks they were former
soldiers who joined but there's actually
a lot of philosophizing about how to
live amongst friends how to live with a
bunch of guys you may hate some of them
you know how to keep how to keep those
relationships on point but I mean that I
think no doubt like being in prison or
like being a Buddhist monk the main
misery of being in the Army is that you
don't get to choose your friends you
don't get to choose the people you're
spending time with that's such a
fundamental aspect you mean like prison
yeah yeah absolutely serious a lot like
prison sure Tony I think I think there's
no mystery about that I better see n
gels for people who make mistakes and
got caught or people who put themselves
in bad situations there's some innocent
people and that's during life in jail
and there's some rotten souls ain't
nothing nice about being in jail or the
glorified hat to be to be confined to a
five by eight but room for 23 hours a
day that'd be out by our 23 one was
glorified about that with what
part of that make sure gangster